feat(upload): add `before-upload` prop (#294)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/upload/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| on-update:file-list | `(fileList: UploadFile[]) => void` | `undefined` | Callback function triggered on fileList changes. |
| on-finish | `(options: { file: UploadFile }) => UploadFile \| void` | `({ file }) => file` | The callback of file upload finish. You can modify the UploadFile or retun a new UploadFile. |
| on-remove | `(options: { file: UploadFile, fileList: Array<UploadFile> }) => boolean \| Promise<boolean> \| any` | `() => true` | The callback of file removal. Return false, promise resolve false or promise reject will cancel this removal. |

> | on-before-upadte | `(options: { file: FileList, fileList: Array<UploadFile> }) => Promise<boolean>` | `true` | Statements made before file upload, return false or undefined will cancel this upload.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| on-before-upload | `(options: { file: FileList, fileList: Array<UploadFile> }) => (Promise<boolean> \| boolean)` | `true` | Callback before file is uploaded, return false or a Promise that resolve false or reject will cancel this upload.  |
```

`return false`, `Promise resolve false`, `Promise rejected` 只有这三种情况禁止，剩下都通过。

> | on-before-upload | `(options: { file: FileList, fileList: Array<UploadFile> }) => (Promise<boolean> \| boolean)` | `true` | Callback before file is uploaded, return false or a Promise that resolve false or reject will cancel this upload.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| on-before-upload | `(options: { file: FileList, fileList: Array<UploadFile> }) => (Promise<boolean \| void> \| boolean \| void)` | `true` | Callback before file is uploaded, return false or a Promise that resolve false or reject will cancel this upload.  |
```
